about-staff.md, before:

---
title: Join Camp Staff
layout: page
permalink: /staff
excerpt: While being a camp counselor can be a demanding job, the rewards are endless as you forge memories that will last a lifetime.
---

Why work at a fast food or retail establishment that focuses on sales when you can have opportunities like these:

- Make lots of new friends in your area and from other states
- Spend a summer in the great outdoors where nature prevails
- Acquire experiential education (learning by doing) and new skills that will last a lifetime
- Learn how to lead others and to apply leadership skills
- Be part of an effective team and cooperate with others to get things done

Working on a campstaff is a fun way to spend your summer, and it gives you the opportunity to make a difference in the life of each and every Scout that comes to camp. While being a counselor can be a demanding job, the rewards are endless as you forge memories that will last a lifetime.

Qualifications of a Staff Member:

- Be at least 15 years old.
- A positive attitude and a strong work ethic.
- A willingness to live by the Scout Oath &amp; Law.
- A desire to have fun and make a lasting impact on the life of a scout.

If you're ready to join us for a summer of fun at Musser, apply today!

Are you 14 years old, or 15 and can't commit for the whole summer? [Check out our CIT Program.](/cit)

{% contentfor sidebar %}

{% picture thumb /img/summer/staff.jpg --img class="img-fluid rounded mb-2" --alt Five staff in uniform and life vests jumping up in the air in front of a building %}
{% picture thumb /img/summer/staff-paradefield.jpg --img class="img-fluid rounded mb-2" --alt A dozen staff members in uniform in colors formation on the parade field in front of the flags %}

<a class="btn btn-primary btn-block mb-2" href="https://colbsa.workbrightats.com/jobs/">Submit an Application</a>

{% endcontentfor %}

{% contentfor bottom %}

<div class="col alert alert-primary text-center">
  <h2 class="mb-0">Quotes from Staff</h2>
</div>
<div class="row">
  <div class="col-sm-6">
    <p>"I worked on staff for five Summers. When I went to college, it felt like I was living in a dorm full of babies. Most of them had never lived away from Mom, washed their own clothes or had a real job. Working on staff put me far ahead of the rest of the students."</p>
    <p>"30 years later and my best friends are still the guys I was on camp staff with."</p>
  </div>
  <div class="col-sm-6">
    <p>"I’ve been in Scouting for a long time and have a lot of great memories. When I get together with my friends, the stories we tell and the friendships we talk about seem to revolve around our time on camp staff."</p>
    <p>"My time on staff helped me decide to become a school teacher."</p>
    <p>"I met my wife working on camp staff."</p>
  </div>
</div>

{% endcontentfor %}

Commit message:

Added staff videos and reformatted cit and staff page

about-staff.md, after:

---
title: Join Camp Staff
layout: page
permalink: /staff
excerpt: While being a camp counselor can be a demanding job, the rewards are endless as you forge memories that will last a lifetime.
content_class: col-md-6 col-lg-8
sidebar_class: col-md-6 col-lg-4
---

Why work at a fast food or retail establishment that focuses on sales when you can have opportunities like these:

- Make lots of new friends in your area and from other states
- Spend a summer in the great outdoors where nature prevails
- Acquire experiential education (learning by doing) and new skills that will last a lifetime
- Learn how to lead others and to apply leadership skills
- Be part of an effective team and cooperate with others to get things done

Working on a campstaff is a fun way to spend your summer, and it gives you the opportunity to make a difference in the life of each and every Scout that comes to camp. While being a counselor can be a demanding job, the rewards are endless as you forge memories that will last a lifetime.

Qualifications of a Staff Member:

- Be at least 15 years old
- A positive attitude and a strong work ethic
- A willingness to live by the Scout Oath &amp; Law
- A desire to have fun and make a lasting impact on the life of a scout

If you're ready to join us for a summer of fun at Musser, apply today!

Are you 14 years old, or 15 and can't commit for the whole summer? [Check out our CIT Program.](/cit)

{% contentfor sidebar %}

{% picture thumb /img/summer/staff.jpg --img class="img-fluid rounded mb-2" --alt Five staff in uniform and life vests jumping up in the air in front of a building %}

<div class="embed-responsive embed-responsive-16by9">
  <iframe class="embed-responsive-item" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/_dVN5qgBjjY" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

<a class="btn btn-primary btn-block mb-2" href="https://colbsa.workbrightats.com/jobs/">Submit an Application</a>

{% endcontentfor %}

{% contentfor bottom %}

<div class="col alert alert-primary text-center">
  <h2 class="mb-0">Quotes from Staff</h2>
</div>
<div class="row">
  <div class="col-sm-6">
    <p>"I worked on staff for five Summers. When I went to college, it felt like I was living in a dorm full of babies. Most of them had never lived away from Mom, washed their own clothes or had a real job. Working on staff put me far ahead of the rest of the students."</p>
    <p>"30 years later and my best friends are still the guys I was on camp staff with."</p>
  </div>
  <div class="col-sm-6">
    <p>"I’ve been in Scouting for a long time and have a lot of great memories. When I get together with my friends, the stories we tell and the friendships we talk about seem to revolve around our time on camp staff."</p>
    <p>"My time on staff helped me decide to become a school teacher."</p>
    <p>"I met my wife working on camp staff."</p>
  </div>
</div>

{% endcontentfor %}
