rentals-facilities.md, before:

---
title: Reserve a Facility
layout: page
permalink: /rentals/facilities
dependencies:
- src: //cdn.datatables.net/1.10.20/js/jquery.dataTables.min.js
- src: //cdn.datatables.net/1.10.20/js/dataTables.bootstrap4.min.js
scripts: 
- src: assets/custom/js/rentals-facilities.js

---

## Cabins & Campsites
Musser Scout Reservation is home to {{site.data.lodging.size}} cabins and campsites available for rental at various points throughout the year. Review the table below to see the accommodations and facilities that are available with each. With such a numerous amount of facilities available, there is something available for any unit - Cub Pack, Scouts BSA Troop, Venturing Crew, or Sea Scout Ship - looking to complete any type of outdoor camping experience. Those facilities that are “Cub Friendly” - with heating and year-round water - are noted as such. All cabins and sites have either a fireplace inside or a fire pit outside. If interested in renting an entire venue/camp, please note the capacities below include all cabins and campsites.

{% contentfor sidebar %}

{% picture thumb /img/rentals/campsites/generic_creek.jpg --img class="img-fluid rounded" %}

<a class="btn btn-primary btn-block" href="http://colbsa.doubleknot.com/facilitycalendar/2852" target="_blank">Book Now!</a>

{% endcontentfor %}

{% contentfor bottom %}

## Facilities
<table class="table table-striped table-responsive" id="facilitiesTable">
  <thead>
    <tr class="text-nowrap">
      <th scope="col">Name</th>
      <th scope="col">Camp</th>
      <th scope="col"><abbr title="Cabin"><i class="fas fa-home"></i></abbr></th>
      <th scope="col"><abbr title="Campsite"><i class="fas fa-campground"></i></abbr></th>
      <th scope="col">Cost</th>
      <th scope="col"><abbr title="Capacity">Cap</abbr></th>
      <th scope="col"><abbr title="Adirondacks">Adir</abbr></th>
      <th scope="col">Cots</th>
      <th scope="col"><abbr title="Electricity">Elec</abbr></th>
      <th scope="col">Heat</th>
      <th scope="col">Stove</th>
      <th scope="col"><abbr title="Refrigerator">Ref</abbr></th>
      <th scope="col">Water</th>
      <th scope="col">Restroom</th>
      <th scope="col">Pavilion</th>
      <th scope="col">Parking</th>
      <th scope="col">Cub Friendly</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
  {% for facility in site.data.lodging %}
    <tr>
      <td class="text-nowrap" scope="row">{{facility.name}}</td>
      <td>{{facility.camp}}</td>
      <td>{% if facility.cabin %}&check;{% endif %}</td>
      <td>{% if facility.site %}&check;{% endif %}</td>
      <td>&dollar;{{facility.cost}}</td>
      <td>{{facility.capacity}}</td>
      <td>{{facility.adirondacks}}</td>
      <td>{% if facility.cots %}&check;{% endif %}</td>
      <td>{% if facility.electricity %}&check;{% endif %}</td>
      <td>{% if facility.heat %}&check;{% endif %}</td>
      <td>{{facility.stove}}</td>
      <td>{% if facility.refrigerator %}&check;{% endif %}</td>
      <td>{{facility.water}}</td>
      <td>{{facility.restroom}}</td>
      <td>{% if facility.pavilion %}&check;{% endif %}</td>
      <td>{% if facility.parking %}&check;{% endif %}</td>
      <td>{% if facility.cubs %}&check;{% endif %}</td>
    </tr>
  {%- endfor -%}
  </tbody>
  <tfoot>
    <tr class="text-nowrap">
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
    </tr>
  </tfoot>
</table>

{% assign delmont_facilities = site.data.lodging | where: "camp", "Delmont" %}
{% assign garrison_facilities = site.data.lodging | where: "camp", "Garrison" %}
{% assign hart_facilities = site.data.lodging | where: "camp", "Hart" %}

{% assign musser_cabins = site.data.lodging | where: "cabin", true %}
{% assign musser_sites = site.data.lodging | where: "site", true %}

{% assign delmont_cabins = delmont_facilities | where: "cabin", true %}
{% assign delmont_sites = delmont_facilities | where: "site", true %}

{% assign garrison_cabins = garrison_facilities | where: "cabin", true %}
{% assign garrison_sites = garrison_facilities | where: "site", true %}

{% assign hart_cabins = hart_facilities | where: "cabin", true %}
{% assign hart_sites = hart_facilities | where: "site", true %}

{% assign delmont_cap = 0 %}
{% for facility in delmont_facilities %}
  {% assign delmont_cap = delmont_cap | plus: facility.capacity %}
{% endfor %}
{% assign garrison_cap = 0 %}
{% for facility in garrison_facilities %}
  {% assign garrison_cap = garrison_cap | plus: facility.capacity %}
{% endfor %}
{% assign hart_cap = 0 %}
{% for facility in hart_facilities %}
  {% assign hart_cap = hart_cap | plus: facility.capacity %}
{% endfor %}

{% assign musser_cap = delmont_cap | plus: garrison_cap | plus: delmont_cap %}

<div class="row">
  <div class="col">
    <h2>Venues</h2>
    <table class="table table-striped table-responsive">
      <thead>
        <tr class="text-nowrap">
          <th scope="col">Name</th>
          <th scope="col">Cost</th>
          <th scope="col"><abbr title="Cabins"><i class="fas fa-home"></i></abbr></th>
          <th scope="col"><abbr title="Campsites"><i class="fas fa-campground"></i></abbr></th>
          <th scope="col"><abbr title="Capacity">Cap</abbr></th>
          <th scope="col">Notes</th>
        </tr>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td scope="row">Musser Scout Reservation</td>
          <td>&dollar;3400</td>
          <td>{{musser_cabins.size}}</td>
          <td>{{musser_sites.size}}</td>
          <td>{{musser_cap | divided_by: 10 | round | times: 10}}</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td scope="row">Camp Delmont</td>
          <td>&dollar;750</td>
          <td>{{delmont_cabins.size}}</td>
          <td>{{delmont_sites.size}}</td>
          <td>{{delmont_cap | divided_by: 10 | round | times: 10}}</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td scope="row">Camp Garrison</td>
          <td>&dollar;1000</td>
          <td>{{garrison_cabins.size}}</td>
          <td>{{garrison_sites.size}}</td>
          <td>{{garrison_cap | divided_by: 10 | round | times: 10}}</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td scope="row">Camp Hart</td>
          <td>&dollar;1150</td>
          <td>{{hart_cabins.size}}</td>
          <td>{{hart_sites.size}}</td>
          <td>{{hart_cap | divided_by: 10 | round | times: 10}}</td>
          <td>Includes Dining Hall and Kitchen</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td scope="row">Camp Hart Dining Hall</td>
          <td>&dollar;125</td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td scope="row">Camp Hart Dining Hall &amp; Kitchen</td>
          <td>&dollar;250</td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td scope="row">Nelson Training Center</td>
          <td>&dollar;500</td>
          <td>1</td>
          <td>5</td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td scope="row">Nelson Scouting Ceremony</td>
          <td>&dollar;100</td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
          <td>For an approximately 3 hour ceremony or other event. Not available to book longer than a month in advance.</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </div>
  <div class="col">
    <h2>Special Events</h2>
    Facility and venue prices are listed for Scouting groups and are based on a per weekend rental except where otherwise noted. Our facilities and camp venues are available for non-Scouting groups to rent. For more information on renting any part of Musser Scout Reservation for a special event, visit <a href="/rentals/private-events">Events in Camp</a>.
  </div>
</div>

{% endcontentfor %}

Commit message:

Added registration system closed alert

rentals-facilities.md, after:

---
title: Reserve a Facility
layout: page
permalink: /rentals/facilities
alert:
  text: <strong>Sorry!</strong> Our registration system is closed while we make some updates to it. Renovations are expected to be completed by December 20.
dependencies:
- src: //cdn.datatables.net/1.10.20/js/jquery.dataTables.min.js
- src: //cdn.datatables.net/1.10.20/js/dataTables.bootstrap4.min.js
scripts: 
- src: assets/custom/js/rentals-facilities.js

---

## Cabins & Campsites
Musser Scout Reservation is home to {{site.data.lodging.size}} cabins and campsites available for rental at various points throughout the year. Review the table below to see the accommodations and facilities that are available with each. With such a numerous amount of facilities available, there is something available for any unit - Cub Pack, Scouts BSA Troop, Venturing Crew, or Sea Scout Ship - looking to complete any type of outdoor camping experience. Those facilities that are “Cub Friendly” - with heating and year-round water - are noted as such. All cabins and sites have either a fireplace inside or a fire pit outside. If interested in renting an entire venue/camp, please note the capacities below include all cabins and campsites.

{% contentfor sidebar %}

{% picture thumb /img/rentals/campsites/generic_creek.jpg --img class="img-fluid rounded" %}

<a class="btn btn-primary btn-block" href="http://colbsa.doubleknot.com/facilitycalendar/2852" target="_blank">Book Now!</a>

{% endcontentfor %}

{% contentfor bottom %}

## Facilities
<table class="table table-striped table-responsive" id="facilitiesTable">
  <thead>
    <tr class="text-nowrap">
      <th scope="col">Name</th>
      <th scope="col">Camp</th>
      <th scope="col"><abbr title="Cabin"><i class="fas fa-home"></i></abbr></th>
      <th scope="col"><abbr title="Campsite"><i class="fas fa-campground"></i></abbr></th>
      <th scope="col">Cost</th>
      <th scope="col"><abbr title="Capacity">Cap</abbr></th>
      <th scope="col"><abbr title="Adirondacks">Adir</abbr></th>
      <th scope="col">Cots</th>
      <th scope="col"><abbr title="Electricity">Elec</abbr></th>
      <th scope="col">Heat</th>
      <th scope="col">Stove</th>
      <th scope="col"><abbr title="Refrigerator">Ref</abbr></th>
      <th scope="col">Water</th>
      <th scope="col">Restroom</th>
      <th scope="col">Pavilion</th>
      <th scope="col">Parking</th>
      <th scope="col">Cub Friendly</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
  {% for facility in site.data.lodging %}
    <tr>
      <td class="text-nowrap" scope="row">{{facility.name}}</td>
      <td>{{facility.camp}}</td>
      <td>{% if facility.cabin %}&check;{% endif %}</td>
      <td>{% if facility.site %}&check;{% endif %}</td>
      <td>&dollar;{{facility.cost}}</td>
      <td>{{facility.capacity}}</td>
      <td>{{facility.adirondacks}}</td>
      <td>{% if facility.cots %}&check;{% endif %}</td>
      <td>{% if facility.electricity %}&check;{% endif %}</td>
      <td>{% if facility.heat %}&check;{% endif %}</td>
      <td>{{facility.stove}}</td>
      <td>{% if facility.refrigerator %}&check;{% endif %}</td>
      <td>{{facility.water}}</td>
      <td>{{facility.restroom}}</td>
      <td>{% if facility.pavilion %}&check;{% endif %}</td>
      <td>{% if facility.parking %}&check;{% endif %}</td>
      <td>{% if facility.cubs %}&check;{% endif %}</td>
    </tr>
  {%- endfor -%}
  </tbody>
  <tfoot>
    <tr class="text-nowrap">
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
      <th></th>
    </tr>
  </tfoot>
</table>

{% assign delmont_facilities = site.data.lodging | where: "camp", "Delmont" %}
{% assign garrison_facilities = site.data.lodging | where: "camp", "Garrison" %}
{% assign hart_facilities = site.data.lodging | where: "camp", "Hart" %}

{% assign musser_cabins = site.data.lodging | where: "cabin", true %}
{% assign musser_sites = site.data.lodging | where: "site", true %}

{% assign delmont_cabins = delmont_facilities | where: "cabin", true %}
{% assign delmont_sites = delmont_facilities | where: "site", true %}

{% assign garrison_cabins = garrison_facilities | where: "cabin", true %}
{% assign garrison_sites = garrison_facilities | where: "site", true %}

{% assign hart_cabins = hart_facilities | where: "cabin", true %}
{% assign hart_sites = hart_facilities | where: "site", true %}

{% assign delmont_cap = 0 %}
{% for facility in delmont_facilities %}
  {% assign delmont_cap = delmont_cap | plus: facility.capacity %}
{% endfor %}
{% assign garrison_cap = 0 %}
{% for facility in garrison_facilities %}
  {% assign garrison_cap = garrison_cap | plus: facility.capacity %}
{% endfor %}
{% assign hart_cap = 0 %}
{% for facility in hart_facilities %}
  {% assign hart_cap = hart_cap | plus: facility.capacity %}
{% endfor %}

{% assign musser_cap = delmont_cap | plus: garrison_cap | plus: delmont_cap %}

<div class="row">
  <div class="col">
    <h2>Venues</h2>
    <table class="table table-striped table-responsive">
      <thead>
        <tr class="text-nowrap">
          <th scope="col">Name</th>
          <th scope="col">Cost</th>
          <th scope="col"><abbr title="Cabins"><i class="fas fa-home"></i></abbr></th>
          <th scope="col"><abbr title="Campsites"><i class="fas fa-campground"></i></abbr></th>
          <th scope="col"><abbr title="Capacity">Cap</abbr></th>
          <th scope="col">Notes</th>
        </tr>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td scope="row">Musser Scout Reservation</td>
          <td>&dollar;3400</td>
          <td>{{musser_cabins.size}}</td>
          <td>{{musser_sites.size}}</td>
          <td>{{musser_cap | divided_by: 10 | round | times: 10}}</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td scope="row">Camp Delmont</td>
          <td>&dollar;750</td>
          <td>{{delmont_cabins.size}}</td>
          <td>{{delmont_sites.size}}</td>
          <td>{{delmont_cap | divided_by: 10 | round | times: 10}}</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td scope="row">Camp Garrison</td>
          <td>&dollar;1000</td>
          <td>{{garrison_cabins.size}}</td>
          <td>{{garrison_sites.size}}</td>
          <td>{{garrison_cap | divided_by: 10 | round | times: 10}}</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td scope="row">Camp Hart</td>
          <td>&dollar;1150</td>
          <td>{{hart_cabins.size}}</td>
          <td>{{hart_sites.size}}</td>
          <td>{{hart_cap | divided_by: 10 | round | times: 10}}</td>
          <td>Includes Dining Hall and Kitchen</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td scope="row">Camp Hart Dining Hall</td>
          <td>&dollar;125</td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td scope="row">Camp Hart Dining Hall &amp; Kitchen</td>
          <td>&dollar;250</td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td scope="row">Nelson Training Center</td>
          <td>&dollar;500</td>
          <td>1</td>
          <td>5</td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td scope="row">Nelson Scouting Ceremony</td>
          <td>&dollar;100</td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
          <td></td>
          <td>For an approximately 3 hour ceremony or other event. Not available to book longer than a month in advance.</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
  </div>
  <div class="col">
    <h2>Special Events</h2>
    Facility and venue prices are listed for Scouting groups and are based on a per weekend rental except where otherwise noted. Our facilities and camp venues are available for non-Scouting groups to rent. For more information on renting any part of Musser Scout Reservation for a special event, visit <a href="/rentals/private-events">Events in Camp</a>.
  </div>
</div>

{% endcontentfor %}
