summer-program-day-camp.md, before:

---
title: Day Camp
layout: page
permalink: /summer/day-camp
excerpt: Day Camp is a perfect program for younger Scouts and Scouts who want more Scouting programs without the overnight component.
---

Day Camp at Musser is a week-long, Monday through Friday program. Program begins at 9am each day and ends at 4pm each day. Cubs will participate in various activities throughout Camp Garrison, including archery, BB, handicraft, STEM, and much more! Your Den will be guided through an exciting week by our trained volunteer. Registration is on an individual basis.

<!-- **NEW FOR 2021** - For those parents who need to drop their Scouts off early, or pick up your Scouts a little later, we will be offering before and after care. There will be an additional fee of $50 for 7:30am drop-off or 6:00pm pick-up. For both early drop-off and late pick-up there is a fee of $75. When registering you Cub for camp, select the early drop-off or late pick-up option to take full advantage of this new opportunity! -->

<div class="text-center">
  <a class="btn btn-primary" href="/files/summer_details/2021_CommunityDayCamps_Flier.pdf" target="_blank">Download Flier</a>
</div>

{% contentfor sidebar %}

{% picture thumb /img/summer/day-camp.png --img class="img-fluid rounded mb-2" --alt A group of boys and a man smiling %}

{% endcontentfor %}

{% contentfor bottom %}

<div class="row">
  <div class="col">
    <table class="table table-striped my-3 text-center">
      <thead class="text-center">
        <tr>
          <th scope="col"><h2 class="my-0">Day Camp</h2></th>
        </tr>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
          <tr>
            <td>Early Bird: $155 per Youth</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Regular: $180 per Youth</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td><strong>Save money by registering for all 3 weeks for $450!</strong></td>
          </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
    <div class="text-center">
      <strong>Every kid receives a free patch and t-shirt!</strong><br>
      <em>All Early Bird rates end June 1, 2021.</em>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="col">
    <table class="table table-striped my-3 text-center">
      <thead>
        <tr>
          <th scope="col">Session</th>
          <th scope="col">Dates</th>
          <th scope="col">Register</th>
        </tr>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
          <tr>
            <td>Week 1</td>
            <td>July 5 - July 9</td>
            <td><a class="btn btn-primary btn-block" href="http://colbsa.doubleknot.com/registration/calendardetail.aspx?activitykey=2775759">Register Now</a></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Week 2</td>
            <td>July 19 - July 23</td>
            <td><a class="btn btn-primary btn-block" href="http://colbsa.doubleknot.com/registration/calendardetail.aspx?activitykey=2775768">Register Now</a></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Week 3</td>
            <td>August 2 - August 6</td>
            <td><a class="btn btn-primary btn-block" href="http://colbsa.doubleknot.com/registration/calendardetail.aspx?activitykey=2775774">Register Now</a></td>
          </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
    <div class="text-center">
      <a class="btn btn-primary btn-lg" href="https://colbsa.doubleknot.com/Rosters/logon.aspx?orgkey=541">View Your Current Registration</a>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

{% endcontentfor %}

Commit message:

Added before and after care and bussing to day camps page

summer-program-day-camp.md, after:

---
title: Day Camp
layout: page
permalink: /summer/day-camp
excerpt: Day Camp is a perfect program for younger Scouts and Scouts who want more Scouting programs without the overnight component.
---

Day Camp at Musser is a week-long, Monday through Friday program. Program begins at 9am each day and ends at 4pm each day. Cubs will participate in various activities throughout Camp Garrison, including archery, BB, handicraft, STEM, and much more! Your Den will be guided through an exciting week by our trained volunteer. Registration is on an individual basis.

**NEWS** – We are excited to be able to offer Before & After care each day, as well as bussing from certain towns each week!

Before & After Care  
8am-5:30pm - $10/day

 

Bussing - $50/week  
Week 1 - Pottstown, Gilbertsville, Pennsburg  
Week 2 - Norristown, King of Prussia, Oaks, Collegeville, Royersford, Schwenksville  
Week 3 - North Wales, Hatfield, Harleysville

Information to sign-up for both options will be emailed out to you after you register for camp!

<!-- **NEW FOR 2021** - For those parents who need to drop their Scouts off early, or pick up your Scouts a little later, we will be offering before and after care. There will be an additional fee of $50 for 7:30am drop-off or 6:00pm pick-up. For both early drop-off and late pick-up there is a fee of $75. When registering you Cub for camp, select the early drop-off or late pick-up option to take full advantage of this new opportunity! -->

<div class="text-center">
  <a class="btn btn-primary" href="/files/summer_details/2021_CommunityDayCamps_Flier.pdf" target="_blank">Download Flier</a>
</div>

{% contentfor sidebar %}

{% picture thumb /img/summer/day-camp.png --img class="img-fluid rounded mb-2" --alt A group of boys and a man smiling %}

{% endcontentfor %}

{% contentfor bottom %}

<div class="row">
  <div class="col">
    <table class="table table-striped my-3 text-center">
      <thead class="text-center">
        <tr>
          <th scope="col"><h2 class="my-0">Day Camp</h2></th>
        </tr>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
          <tr>
            <td>Early Bird: $155 per Youth</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Regular: $180 per Youth</td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td><strong>Save money by registering for all 3 weeks for $450!</strong></td>
          </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
    <div class="text-center">
      <strong>Every kid receives a free patch and t-shirt!</strong><br>
      <em>All Early Bird rates end June 1, 2021.</em>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="col">
    <table class="table table-striped my-3 text-center">
      <thead>
        <tr>
          <th scope="col">Session</th>
          <th scope="col">Dates</th>
          <th scope="col">Register</th>
        </tr>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
          <tr>
            <td>Week 1</td>
            <td>July 5 - July 9</td>
            <td><a class="btn btn-primary btn-block" href="http://colbsa.doubleknot.com/registration/calendardetail.aspx?activitykey=2775759">Register Now</a></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Week 2</td>
            <td>July 19 - July 23</td>
            <td><a class="btn btn-primary btn-block" href="http://colbsa.doubleknot.com/registration/calendardetail.aspx?activitykey=2775768">Register Now</a></td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>Week 3</td>
            <td>August 2 - August 6</td>
            <td><a class="btn btn-primary btn-block" href="http://colbsa.doubleknot.com/registration/calendardetail.aspx?activitykey=2775774">Register Now</a></td>
          </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
    <div class="text-center">
      <a class="btn btn-primary btn-lg" href="https://colbsa.doubleknot.com/Rosters/logon.aspx?orgkey=541">View Your Current Registration</a>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

{% endcontentfor %}
